hello guys today we're going to see how
to change the language for the Spanish
to English on Windows 7 a now as you see
we have Spanish sherry since equipo
popularity reciclaje
and windows 7 is running a Spanish
language right now so what we need to do
is first we need to know what kind of
system operating system is running on
our computer so we're going to a capo
which is computer here we are going to
properties propiedades del sistema and
we're going to check three three things
over here first the system the operating
system a which in this case is 64 bits
no 64 bit then service this case is
service pack 1 in a Windows 7 home
premium now that we know that we can
open our internet browser in this case
is a Explorer 9 ok
in well I'll go to Google and I'm going
to type be Stanley Seder let's see this
dolly cider Windows 7 and you'll see
this option by froggy da is K so we're
going to click this option first option
up here so you'll see this window then
you're going to click over here where it
says tribe beast Allah Seder so we're
going to click here and you'll see these
options over here so now that we know
that that we are running 64-bit windows
7 service pack 1 so I'm going to choose
this one make sure you you check if it's
32 or 64 Vista we have here Vista
Service Pack 1 service pack 2 in ah RT M
so in this case R is going to be 64-bit
windows 7 service pack 1 I'll choose
this one and here is all the languages
that are available so I'm gonna look for
English in this case
English over here yeah I'm gonna click
Save
so it's going to say it's going to take
wild which is wait and wait okay 100%
it's over here you see it download has
completed okay so we already have it we
close this back in here
it says download be stylist aider 2.51
so we're going to click this option in a
window is going to pop up
so we just press run we wait for it here
is the window I'm going to close that
one so here my computer for the fall has
English so I just add a Spanish so you
can see that that it wasn't Spanish but
viewers this option up here English is
not going to be there that's what you're
going dad so what you want to put in
there so what you want to do is click
this option add languages you're going
to click that option and here your file
is going to be there in this case is
this one which is English you're going
to go down here this is open well it
says abrir open I believe is if it's a
Chinese or any other language it's going
to be the same yes and no open cancel
every counselor
so everything is still the same so we're
going to go open
so I already have English as you see
here English language is already
installed yes it is here you will see it
but all that you need to do is follow
the instructions ok so when you see this
window you're going to see the language
that the computer is running so all that
you need to do is click on add languages
which is this option up here and it's
going to take you to where you save the
language in this case our English so
it'll be something like this like the
one that is here English so you're just
going to press open which is going to be
the first option up here so it's going
to be open oh I need to select and then
open so I already have English it's a
limit try with a Spanish I have a
Spanish here so I'm just going to do a
Spanish to show you how it looks like so
we're going to do Spanish open of course
your one Spanish you want English so we
just switch in so you'll see this little
window right here and you're going to
press install language so you're going
to click install and you're here is a
little message it sells they might take
up to 20 minutes so I'm just going to
pause the video and then we see
we'll see the change all right so we
have a message that the new language is
done as you see here it is Spanish now
I'm doing Spanish so you can you see
what's uh what's next so I'll press just
and then it says that we need to restart
our system in Delvian so all that we
need to do is exit and this is a
confirmation so we just press Jes and
it's gonna start applying the new
language and that's how you change your
language on a Windows 7 and Vista thank
you for watching subscribe leave a
comment and give it a like have a good
day